{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset2 Symbol;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset2 Symbol;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green128\blue0;\red224\green219\blue0;\red255\green153\blue102;\red196\green20\blue20;\red0\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;}
{\stylesheet{ Normal;}{\s1 heading 1;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.15.1515;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\b\f0\fs20 Table of Contents\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\tx720 1.\tab Chat\b0\fs24  \b\fs20\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720 2.\tab Attacking\par
3.\tab Movement\par
4.\tab Items\par
5.\tab Sleeping and Bed Items \par
6.\tab Food\par
7.\tab Stealth and Scan\par
8.\tab Assess, Deception, and \ldblquote looking\rdblquote  at Players \par
9.\tab Death\par
10.\tab Vitae\par
11.\tab Stats: Attributes and Skills\par
12.\tab Stamina\par
13.\tab Water and Grass\par
14.\tab Time and Date\par
15.\tab Player Status Bars\par
16.\tab Magic System\par
17.\tab Land ownership\par
18.\tab Trade Skills and Item Use\par
19.\tab Weapons\par
20.\tab Guilds\par
21.\tab NPC or Non-Player Characters\par
22.\tab Taming Monsters/Animals\par
23.\tab Mail\par
24.\tab Perks\par
25.\tab Sieges and War Events\par
26.\tab Inns\par
27.\tab Special Text Commands\par
28.\tab Item Pricing on your Traders\par
29.\tab Chat Channels\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\li360 FAQ Steeltide/Phobos\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\par
\par
1. Chat\b0  \par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360 Chat is NOT global, NOT all players get the message \par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Normal chat messages have about 1-2 screen range\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Type your message hit ENTER to send message \par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}"Menu" tab has option to save chat to "chat.log" \par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Use / @ or \\ to see available commands not listed here\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}/ignoreglobal will toggle if you ignore globals or not\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}/ignorenotices will toggle if you get player entrance and exits or not \par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Commands can be preceded by @, /, or \\ \par
\pard\tx360\f1\'b7\tab\f0 Posting is intended for global advertisements or announcements, you are only allowed to have one post at a time, any new post you add, overwrites any older post\par
\pard\f1\'b7\tab\f0 /post - displays all post\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 /post <message> - adds/modifies your message post\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 /postdel - deletes your current post\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 /postdel <name> - admin only, deletes the players post\b\par
\b0\f1\'b7\tab\f0 /ignoreposts - toggles the ignoring of global posting announcements\b\par
\b0\f1\'b7\tab\f0 /muzzlepost <name> - admin only, toggle for muzzle on posts, auto deletes any posts\b\par
\b0\f1\'b7\tab\f0 /ignoreguildchat\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\par
2. Attacking\b0  \par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360 Click on a target in the tactical display \par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Select "A" button in lower right of screen\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Your player will move within range and start attacking \par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}If the target moves out of your view, attacking is cancelled \par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Click on map or move player to cancel attacking \par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}CRITICAL attack is when an attack is 3 times better then the defend\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\par
\b{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}3. Movement\b0  \par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360 Use keypad or arrow keys to move single steps \par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}RIGHT click on map for player to "goto" there \par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Tactical map is in upper-left \par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Strategic map is under "Map\rdblquote  Tab \par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}NUMLOCK may need to be on\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}/GOTO <x>,<y>\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}To follow a player select the \ldblquote F\rdblquote  button while player is highlighted.     \par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\par
\b{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}4. Items\b0  \par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360 LEFT click/drag items to move them\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Left double click on map item to view it\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Right click on items in inventory to get popup menu\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Drag item in your inventory on top another to stack\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Right click on items with a quantity, gives \ldblquote split\rdblquote  option\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\par
\pard\keepn\nowidctlpar\s1\b 5\b0 . \b Sleeping and Bed Items\par
\pard\tx360\b0\f1\'b7\tab\f0 Items like beds or bedrolls can be used to refresh and renew your player\par
\pard\f1\'b7\tab\f0 Just walk on top of one before you exit the world\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 For each v-hour your player is out of the world, when they come back, they will get a bonus to renewals of life, stamina, and mana plus your life, stamina, and mana will get maxed\par
\pard\nowidctlpar But the item must be under you when you come back in the world else you do not get the bonus, so if something happens that the bed gets moved, then you do not get the bonus when you come back in\par
\par
\pard\keepn\nowidctlpar\s1\b 6\b0 . \b Food\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\b0 RIGHT click on a food item in inventory, select EAT\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Some food items can be \ldblquote used\rdblquote  on player\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Players can eat and store up to 250 units of food\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}When food is zero, you start to starve losing STAMINA then LIFE\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Food levels are displayed in the PLAYER tab\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\keepn\nowidctlpar\s1\b 7. \b0  \b Stealth and Scan\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\b0 When you are in \ldblquote Stealth mode\rdblquote  only Admin can see you \par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}You can be discovered if:\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720 When you move you fail a \ldblquote Stealth check\rdblquote\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}When you attack you fail a \ldblquote Stealth Check\rdblquote\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}If someone \ldblquote Scans\rdblquote  and spots you\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360 The slower you move, the better bonus you get to \ldblquote Stealth\rdblquote\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Night time gives Stealth a bonus\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}If line of sight is blocked then you have a better chance of not being spotted \par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Press the \ldblquote C\rdblquote  button to scan for hidden players/monsters or traps\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}It will tell you if you spot anyone\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}You need the TRAP skill trained in order to spot traps\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\par
\pard\keepn\nowidctlpar\s1\b 8. \b0  \b Assess, Deception, and \ldblquote looking\rdblquote  at Players\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx360\b0\f1\'b7\tab\f0 Assess is the skill used to determine a player or items stats\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\b0\f1\'b7\tab\f0 Deception is the skill used to hide a players stats\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\tx360\b0\f1\'b7\tab\f0 Assess and Deception work against each other\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\f1\'b7\tab\f0 To \ldblquote look\rdblquote  or \ldblquote assess\rdblquote  a player, select that player then click the \ldblquote look\rdblquote  button\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\par
\b 9. Death\b0  \par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360 When your Life reaches 0, you die \par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}When you die, you get a 3% reduction in Vitae (see Vitae section) \par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}You also can loose an item and/or gold coins that you are carrying\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Normally you will auto-resurrect at the last Life Stone you attuned to\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}If you do not auto-resurrect, exit world, and re-enter world with the same player \par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\par
\b{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}10 Vitae\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\b0 Normal vitae is 100%\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}A player loses 3%(default) of their vitae upon death\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Vitae is restored when you earn experience\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Vitae only affects skills, not attributes for example: when vitae is 95%, then all skills reduced by 5% \par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Your players current Vitae is indicated by the \ldblquote dot\rdblquote  in the lower right corner, beside the \ldblquote Look\rdblquote  button\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}The Vitae Dot will be different colors to indicate varying levels of Vitae\par
\cf1\b{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}GREEN\cf0\b0 : 100% or Normal \par
\cf2\b{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}YELLOW\cf0\b0 : 95% to 99%\par
\cf3\b{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}ORANGE\cf0\b0 : 85% to 94%\par
\cf4\b{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}RED\cf0\b0 : less than 85%\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Click on Vitae Dot to see exact Vitae in the lower right Text display\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\par
\b{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}11. Stats: Attributes and Skills\b0  \par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360 The following attributes are general abilities of player \par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Life: basic hit points, when life reaches 0, you are dead \par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Stamina: energy for doing things, see Stamina later in Help \par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Mana: magical energy for casting magic spells\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Strength: ability to hold, carry, wear, etc. \par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Dexterity: hand-eye coordination, balance \par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Quickness: how fast one is \par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Intelligence: ability to focus the mind \par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Wisdom: mental capacity \par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Click up arrow button next to attribute to raise that specific attribute\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Skills are specific abilities of player \par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Skills are learned at player creation and/or learned later by using skill point that are earned with each level\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Skills are raised/improved with usage \par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Attributes also affect a skill's base value, therefore raise an attribute and you will raise any skill that uses the attribute \par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Skill\rquote s base value is a formula, for example Melee Defense Base = (Dexterity + Quickness) / 3 \par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Both may be raised/improved by spending experience\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Clicking on a skill or attribute name will give details and XP needed for next raise\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\par
\b{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}12. Stamina\b0  \par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360 Gets used when you do something \par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Movement on land does not use stamina \par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Movement in water [on a raft] or swimming does \par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}When stamina is 0, you cannot do things \par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Stay still or move slowly to regain stamina \par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\par
\b{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}13. Water and grass\b0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360 Water is dynamic and will flow according to elevation \par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}The darker the water, the deeper it is \par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Player can move in shallow water OK \par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Player swims in deeper water, using stamina \par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Swim skill lowers chance of using stamina \par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}If stamina is 0 then player begins to drown\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Grass will grow and spread with time\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Walking on it, stamps it down so that eventually the grass will be gone, making a path\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Areas enclosed by surfacing may lose the grass and it will not grow back, until a spot is unsurfaced to allow the grass to spread\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\keepn\nowidctlpar\s1\b 14\b0  \b Time and Date \par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\b0 Time of day is indicated in the upper right of the screen\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}The sun or the moon will move left to right on the horizon to indicate the hour of day\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Clicking on the image will give you the exact time displayed in the lower right text display\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Date is displayed in the MAP tab as Month/Day/Year\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\keepn\nowidctlpar\s1\b 15\b0 . \b Player Status Bars\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\b0 In the upper/middle part of screen are 3 bars: GREEN, YELLOW, and BLUE\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}GREEN is players current Life\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}YELLOW is players current Stamina\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}BLUE is players current Mana\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}The bar will go to the left as your values go down\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Click on the bars to toggle the display mode for them\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Click on skill or attribute names to get details and XP needed for next raise\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\par
\b{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}16. Magic System\b0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360 To cast spells, you need a wand readied in your hand, just drag it to the \ldblquote weapon\rdblquote  slot\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Wands each have a power level that magnifies a spells intensity, so a wand of power 2 does 2 times the effect as a wand of power 1\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Wands wear out with use and will degrade and eventually break which may cause damage to the caster\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}The Cast Spell skill is used to determine the caster ability to successfully cast a spell\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}The higher Cast Spell skill is the higher level wand they can use successfully\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Spells do not do critical hits\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Runes are the formula for creating and casting spells. You need the right runes, in the right order, in order to cast any specific spell. Each rune has a specific purpose and they are not just random for each spell. For example: the spell Minor Heal Self use 4 runes (Aon, Fej, Jox, Lux), the first rune is always the \ldblquote Target\rdblquote  rune. For this spell, Aon means Self. The others you must figure out your self.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\tx360\f1\'b7\tab\f0 When researching new spells, that is the time to determine the order. During casting, ordering of runes is not needed. Also, a minimum of skill is needed to learn the spell, so if a combo does not work when you are at lower level, it might work at higher levels. \par
\pard\nowidctlpar\par
\pard\keepn\nowidctlpar\s1\b 17\b0 . \b Land Ownership\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tx360\b0\f1\'b7\tab\f0 Land parcels are 20x20 in size\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\b0\f1\'b7\tab\f0 Each player may own 1 land parcel\b\par
\b0\f1\'b7\tab\f0 The following chat commands apply:\b\par
\b0\f1\'b7\tab\f0 /LANDCLAIM - (this claims the land as your own)\b\par
\b0\f1\'b7\tab\f0 /LANDUNCLAIM - (this unclaims the land you own, you must be on the land for it to work)\b\par
\b0\f1\'b7\tab\f0 /LANDLIST - (this shows all your land parcels that you own)\b\par
\b0\f1\'b7\tab\f0 /LANDOWNER - (this tells you who owns the land you are on)\b\par
\b0\f1\'b7\tab\f0 /LANDGIVE <name> - (this transfers ownership of the land to <name>, the player must be online)\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\ri-1800\tx360\b0\f1\'b7\tab\f0 /LANDRIGHTS <name> - (this gives or revokes rights to others or lists the current players with rights)\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\b0\par
\pard\keepn\nowidctlpar\s1\b 18\b0 . \b Trade Skills and Item Use\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\b0\f1\'b7\tab\f0 These skills include fishing, farming, masonry, cooking, etc.\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 The basic formula is like this: Use Item A on Item B to get Item C uses Skill D\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 For example: Use clippers on bush to get clippings uses farming.\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 This is how things are made or done by players \b\par
\b0\f1\'b7\tab\f0 Double click on items in inventory to use or right click and select USE\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\tx360\b0\f1\'b7\tab\f0 To use the \ldblquote Usage\rdblquote  to discover how things are done simply type in the item or skill you wish to learn      about and click the search button. If you wish to perform a new search you will need to reset it first by clicking the reset button\par
\pard\keepn\nowidctlpar\s1\fs24\par
\b\fs20 19\b0 . \b Weapons\par
\pard\tx360\b0\f1\'b7\tab\f0 When you VIEW a weapon it will give the stats of it\par
\pard\f1\'b7\tab\f0 A weapons \ldblquote Rating\rdblquote  is the average damage it can do in 10 seconds\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 The higher the rating, the better the weapon\par
\par
\pard\keepn\nowidctlpar\s1\b 20\b0 . \b Guilds\par
\pard\tx360\b0\f1\'b7\tab\f0 Guilds cost money to create (30,000 by default)\par
\pard\f1\'b7\tab\f0 Guilds also cost gold to join (1,000 by default)\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 /guild  - to see general info\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 /guildlist - list all guilds, owners and membership\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 /guildcreate - see how much it costs to create a guild\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 /guildcreate <guild name> - to create a guild\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 /guilddestroy <guild name> - to destroy a guild\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 /guildinvite <player name> - to allow a player to join\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 /guildinvite - displays all players on invite list\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 /guildjoin <guild name> - to join a guild\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 /guildjoin - to see who is inviting you and the cost\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 /guildkick <player name> - kick a player out of a guild\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 /guildquit  <guild name> - quit a guild you are in\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 /guildmember - list all members in your guild\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 /guildmember <guild name> - list all members in a guild (admins only)\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 /guildrank - displays all set ranks\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 /guildrank<0-9, A> <rank name> - used to set the rank titles, 0 lowest, 9 highest, and A is the creator, for example \ldblquote /guildrank5 Captain\rdblquote  or \ldblquote /guildrankA General\rdblquote\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 /guildpromote <member name> - increase member rank by one, up to 9\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 /guilddemote <member name> - decrease member rank by one, down to 0\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 /guildlandclaim - claim land for guild use, any guild member has rights to it, default cost is 10,000 gold\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 /guildlandunclaim - unclaim guild land, must be on the plot\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 /guilddeposit <amount> - deposit amount gold in the guild bank, any member can do this\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 /guildwithdraw <amount> - withdraw amount gold from guild bank, only creator can do this\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 /guildchat <message> or  /z <message> - private chat just for guild members\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 /guildrequest - shows to the owner, all the players who are requesting an invite\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 /guildrequest <guild Name> - puts in or takes away a request to a guild\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 /guildmessage <text> - for owner to set the logon message for their guild\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 /guildwar <guild name> - declares war on a guild\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 /guildwar - lists guilds you are at war with, displays kills and deaths of your guild\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 /guildpeace <guild name> - attempts peace with guild, both guilds must use this command to stop a war between them\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 /guildpeace - list the warring guilds you want peace with\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 /guildnowar - sets if your guild participates in wars, warning it costs 10,000 guild bank gold to use this to go from \ldblquote No war\rdblquote  to \ldblquote war\rdblquote , by default you start in \ldblquote nowar\rdblquote  \par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 /guildrule - list the guild rules\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 /guildrule<0-9, A-K> <rule text> - sets a rule, A-K are 10-21 with 21 rules total\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 /guildtransfer <member name> - transfers ownership of guild to different member\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 guild xp is bonus XP earned when a member earns normal XP, it does not come out of there Xp earned but is an extra bonus. The XP goes into an XP pool that gets given out at V-midnight. Each member gets a percentage according to his or her rank. So the higher the rank, the more percentage they will get.  The more members in a guild, the more XP gets generated and added to the pool. For example but not exactly, 2 members gets an extra 1% but 5 members would get 2%\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 Guilds now get charged a maintenance fee once per V-month, on the 15\super th\nosupersub  and 30\super th\nosupersub  of each V-month, by default it is 1,000 gold per member and gets deducted automatically from the guild bank. If you do not have the gold in your bank then your bank becomes negative. If your bank ever gets to \endash 30,000, then your guild becomes disbanded. If your bank is negative, you do NOT get guild XP until your bank gets back over 0\par
\par
\pard\keepn\nowidctlpar\s1\b 21\b0 . \b NPC or Non-Player Characters\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\b0 NPC are used in towns and throughout some quests\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}NPC can be town traders, story tellers, or someone related to a quest\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Double click to access their trade screen or to talk to them\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Some NPC will accept items and in return give xp, another item, or a hint to a quest.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}NPCs may also be run via scripts and may recognize and react to specific chat text\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}You may drag and drop items on to some NPCs and they will react accordingly\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\b\par
\pard\keepn\nowidctlpar\s1 22\b0 . \b Taming Monsters/Animals\par
\pard\tx360\b0\f1\'b7\tab\f0 Taming requires the Tame skill\par
\pard\f1\'b7\tab\f0 Each player has a MAX they can tame (default 10)\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 You may only tame monsters within 10 levels above you\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 To tame a monster, click on the monster then type /TAME\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 Once tamed the monster will go into follow mode\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 If you leave the world while in follow mode, they go into Guard mode\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 Commands:\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0     /TAME  - command to tame a monster\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0     /UNTAME - releases the monster from your control\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0     /TAMEGUARD - puts monster into guard mode, a temporary home\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0     /TAMEALLGUARD - puts all tamed monsters in guard mode\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0     /TAMEHOME - tells monster to go to home spot\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0     /TAMEALLHOME - tells all tamed monsters to go to home spot\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0     /TAMENEWHOME - sets the monsters new home spot\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0     /TAMEALLNEWHOME - set all tamed monsters new home spot\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0     /TAMEFOLLOW - has the monster follow you\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0     /TAMEALLFOLLOW - has all tamed monsters follow you\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0     /TAMEALLFRIEND - does NOT attack any player except those in enemy list\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0     /TAMEALLENEMY - attacks all players excepts those in friend list\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0     /TAMELIST - lists all of your tamed monsters: Name, level, location\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0     /TAMERENAME <new name> - renames the currently selected tamed monster\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0     /TAMEFRIEND  <player name> - adds or removes a player from the friend list\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0     /TAMEFRIEND - displays your friend list\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0     /TAMEENEMY <player name> - adds or removes a player from the enemy list\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0     /TAMEENEMY - displays your enemy list\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0     /TAMEIGNORE - turn on or off ignore players/monsters for the select tame monster\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0     /TAMEALLIGNORE - turn on or off ignore for all tame monsters\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0     /TAMEATTACK - all followers attack the selected player/monster\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0     /TAMEUSE - all followers use the selected item\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0     /TAMETRANSFER <player name> - transfers ownership of the selected tame to the player\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0     /TAMESETPRICE <percent> - set the % price for the currently selected tame\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0     /TAMETAKEGOLD <amount> - take amount gold from currently selected tame\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0     /TAMEIMAGE <number> - changes the image of a trader tame only\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0     /TRADERBUY - buy a trader tame, default price is 5,000 gold\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0     /MULEBUY \endash  buy a mule, default price is 5,ooo gold\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 Mules have unlimited burden and will follow the /tamenewhome /tameallhome /tamehome /tamefollow and /tameallfollow commands (they do however have limited space(slots) in which to carry things)\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 Some commands must be done standing next to the monster like /TAMEGUARD\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 When issuing commands near multiple tamed monsters, the command goes to the next monster that does not have that command, so that the same monster does not get the command each time, while the monster you really want to command is not reachable (hope that makes sense)\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\b\par
\pard\keepn\nowidctlpar\s1 23\b0 . \b Mail \par
\pard\tx360\b0\f1\'b7\tab\f0 Mail system is designed for simple offline communication, in game (not all servers use the same mail system)\par
\pard\f1\'b7\tab\f0 All date/times are in game world units.\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 Commands for default mail system:\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0     /MAIL - lists all mail in your mail box\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0     /MAIL <number> - lists a single mail\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0     /MAILSEND <player name>, <message> - sends mail to a player\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0     /MAILDEL <number> - deletes the mail number (using /maildel * will delete ALL mail in your mail box)\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0     /MAILNEW - lists all NEW mail only\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 Once a NEW mail is listed, it is assumed viewed and it is no longer marked as NEW\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 Please do NOT use mail to report bugs, suggestions, etc, to Admins unless privacy is important, otherwise use the Appeal system, thanks\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 How to use the Lunatik mail system:\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 The post office is located in Haven you must purchase a mailbox via admin\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 You will be assigned a post office box at the post office with a # and given a mail box for your land\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 Mail boxes are not pickupable, they are however, movable\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 To utilize the Lunatik mail system simply drop the \ldblquote letter\rdblquote  or item in the appropriate post office box, and the recipient will receive it in their mail box on their land\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\b\par
\pard\keepn\nowidctlpar\s1 24\b0 . \b Perks\par
\pard\tx360\b0\f1\'b7\tab\f0 The following are the perks for a player that has them enabled\par
\pard\f1\'b7\tab\f0     2 land claims instead of 1\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0     Skill cap of 400 is lifted\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0     Weapons with a rating over 120 usable\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0     Armor with AL over 15 usable\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0     Wands with power level over 2.0 usable\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0     All spells are usable\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0     Skill bonus limit is doubled\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 The only way to get perks is through www.paypal.com\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 The standard donation is $20 which lasts for at least a year on ALL worlds. They usually expire after 2 years.\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 My address on PayPal is \cf5\ul{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:mkudlo@hotmail.com" }}{\fldrslt{mkudlo@hotmail.com}}}\f0\fs20  \cf0\ulnone\par
\cf6\f1\'b7\tab\f0 Be sure to put your player name(s) for all servers someplace in the details of the paypal donation\cf0\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 Then contact me (Admin Mickey) in game to let me know or email me at \cf5\ul{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:mkudlo@hotmail.com" }}{\fldrslt{mkudlo@hotmail.com}}}\f0\fs20  \cf0\ulnone  with the subject line being: PERKS PERKS PERKS\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\f1\'b7\tab\f0 The developer(s) reserve the right to change the perks/donation policy at any time.\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 If you are not satisfied with your donation then a refund will be allowed up to 30 days (that is the PayPal refund day limit)\b\par
\par
\pard\keepn\nowidctlpar\s1 25\b0 . \b Sieges and War Events (Not available on all servers)\par
\pard\tx360\b0\f1\'b7\tab\f0 Sieges or war events occur where players usually must defend an area from attacking monsters\par
\pard\f1\'b7\tab\f0 They can be run by an admin or run automatically by the system\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 During sieges, if you are in the siege and you die there is no death penalty like vitae and item loss\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 Monsters spawned do not drop loot/treasure\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 Commands:\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0     /war - shows general stats of a war you are in\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0     /warjoin - joins an auto-mated war that has been started or is in progress\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0     /warquit - drops you out of a war that you are in\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0     /s <message> - chat message that only ppl in war/siege can hear\par
\fs24\par
\pard\keepn\nowidctlpar\s1\b\fs20 26\b0 . \b Inns and Condos\par
\pard\tx360\b0\f1\'b7\tab\f0 Inns are NPC run areas that typically have small, furnished rooms\par
\pard\f1\'b7\tab\f0 Condos are larger unfurnished and also NPC run\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 Double click on the Innkeeper to see the cost then drag the gold to the innkeeper to get a room key\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 The room key is good for 30 v-days unless renewed\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 To renew the room key, find the Inn Renewal Deposit Box and use the proper amount of gold on it, typically the proper amount is the same as the initial cost, then you will get an extra 30-vdays\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 The most v-days you can pay for is 180\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 You may have one room per Inn or condo\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 Any player may enter any inn room or condo if they have the key, since access is controlled via doors (lockpicking is not allowed)\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 Inns and Condos are intended for short term use\par
\par
\pard\keepn\nowidctlpar\s1\b 27\b0 . \b Special Text Commands\par
\pard\tx360\b0\f1\'b7\tab\f0 Ever get stuck in a cave with you on the exit and you can\rquote t move??? Type /up\b\par
\pard\b0\par
\pard\keepn\nowidctlpar\s1\b 28\b0 . \b Item Pricing on your traders\par
\pard\tx360\b0\f1\'b7\tab\f0 You can set the absolute price of an item or group of stackable items by eaches\b\par
\pard\b0\f1\'b7\tab\f0 The item must in your inventory for the commands to work\b\par
\b0\f1\'b7\tab\f0  /price     \tab    - lists all the items in your inventory that have a price set\b\par
\b0\f1\'b7\tab\f0  /price <item>   - displays the price set for that item(s)\b\par
\b0\f1\'b7\tab\f0  /price <item>, <value>   - sets the price of the item, setting to zero uses the system price\b\par
\b0\f1\'b7\tab\f0 When a price is set it will go with it anyplace but might get overwritten if the item gets stacked.\b\par
\b0\f1\'b7\tab\f0 The system might be a little confusing but your trader will(should) display the price properly \b\par
\b0\par
\pard\keepn\nowidctlpar\s1\b 29\b0 . \b Chat Channels\par
\pard\tx360\b0\f1\'b7\tab\f0 Chat channels allow private chat between any number of players. It creates a separate window.\b\par
\pard\b0\f1\'b7\tab\f0 Chat Channel Commands:\b\par
\b0\f1\'b7\tab\f0     /channelcreate <title>, <password>\tab - creates a channel with the specified title and password\b\par
\b0\f1\'b7\tab\f0     /channeldestroy <title> \tab\tab - destroys a channel, only the creator or an admin can do it\b\par
\b0\f1\'b7\tab\f0     /channeljoin <title>, <password>\tab - attempts to join an open channel\b\par
\b0\f1\'b7\tab\f0     /channellist\tab\tab\tab - lists all the open channels\b\par
\b0\par
\par
\pard\keepn\s1\b FAQ Steeltide/Phobos\par
\pard\b0\par
\b\fs24 How come when I click the walk button I don\rquote t go any slower, how to I run again?\par
\b0 The walk button is for going out of sneak (aka stealth) mode. If you have the stealth skill use sneak to enter stealth mode and walk to return to normal mode and be visible to other players.\par
\par
\par
\b When I went off haven my character went active. How do I inactivate it or get another character on main?\par
\b0 Once you leave haven/newbie island you cannot return. You are only allowed ONE character on main.\par
\par
\b My monster, mule or trader is missing and I don\rquote t know where it is. How can I find it?\par
\b0 Use /tamelist to check its coordinates. If it looks like it's in town somewhere but you can't find it, there's a chance that it has been jailed.\par
\par
\b Is there an admin on right now?\par
\b0 Use /who or /player to check players in world. If you can not see an admin in the player list, it is likely that there is no admin on that wants to be seen.\par
\par
\b Can I get new runes or hessite on newbie island?\par
\b0 Not all items can be found on newbie island. This is due to the fact that it's a place to learn how to play. It is not designed for high level players.\par
\par
\b I saw a flash in the sky and nobody will tell me what it is. Do you know?\par
\b0 A flash happens when a meteor hits the planet. There is usually something valuable at the landing site.\par
\par
\b I am new to the game and I really need some help starting off. What do I do?\par
\b0 You can do a few things. First of all read the HELP tab. It contains useful information as to how the game works. You can also read a newbie guide somewhere on the RPGWO\par
website. Also you may ask an admin for help if you're not sure of how to do something.\par
\par
\b I telled an admin but they wont reply, why do they hate me?\par
\b0 Admins have a lot to do and cannot always answer you tell right away. If they don't answer at all, it means they are too busy or are not able to answer. Try waiting a while and tell them again.\par
\par
\b What is perks and where to I get it?\par
\b0 There is information about perks under the help tab. To sum it up, it gives you certain advantages over players without perks by removing certain limits.\par
\par
\b I am being harassed in tells, how do I ignore someone?\par
\b0 You can ignore someone by using /ignore <player name> (e.g. /ignore harass4u)\par
\par
\par
\b Globals are annoying me, can I ignore them?\par
\b0 By using the command /ignoreglobal you stop receiving global messages. The same command turns them on again.\par
\par
\b How do I get my tame out of jail?\par
\b0 You must take 500 gold to a bank and buy a V-note. Take the V-note to the jail and give it to sheriff Roscoe. He will give you a key. Take the key down the stairs in the jail and open the door. Your tame will be inside.\par
\par
\b I left my gold over there, I don\rquote t want to walk all the way to town, I want a new image and a new item. Can an admin help?\par
\b0 Admins cannot spawn items for players or give them special images. They cannot warp lazy players either. Admins are there to build quests, control chat and keep the game in order. Questions are welcomed.\par
\par
\b I fell down a hole and I\rquote m trapped! HELP!\par
\b0 IF there is an exit under you, use /up to get out. If there is no exit under you and you are on someone's land where nobody can save you, you'll have to use /suicide and watch your step next time.\par
\par
\b I think someone found out my password and they\rquote re accessing my account. What can I do?\par
\b0 The best thing to do is change your password every so often. Do this by using /password newpass (e.g. /password iluvmick)\par
\par
\b Someone is blocking a door in a quest and they wont let me out! What do I do?\par
\b0 Ask them nicely to move, don\rquote t get angry and abusive otherwise you\rquote ll be just as bad as the person blocking you. If they persist to block your way on purpose, contact an admin.\par
\par
\b Who is this Mickey person?\par
\b0 Mickey is the creator of the game. That's right, the big boss!\par
\par
\b What is a mod?\par
\b0 "mods" (moderators) have recently been introduced. They are normal players just like anyone except they have the power to control chat and jail tames as well as a few other things. They do not get special items or advantages for their character.\par
\par
\b Can I be a mod/admin?\par
\b0 This question is not always an easy one to answer. When admins and mods are needed and positions are open to all players, there is notification of this, otherwise it's best not to ask or bug anyone otherwise your chances of making a good impression considerably drop. Being a mod or admin requires work and time. Be sure that you are right for the job before you go for an open position (providing you have been notified that an open position exists). \par
\par
\par
\b I think there's a bug, how do I report it?\par
\b0 You can use the appeal system. Click the appeal... button in the MENU tab. Then click ADD and fill out the form.\par
\par
\b I have an idea, how can I make it heard?\par
\b0 You can use the appeal system. Click the appeal... button in the MENU tab. Then click ADD and fill out the form.\par
\par
\b What are posts for and how do I make one?\par
\b0 Posts are used for in-game advertising and notices. This is to keep repetitive spam off globals. To make a post use /post message (e.g /post Selling food cheap!)\par
\par
\b This trader is out of money? Can an admin restock it?\par
\b0 Admins do not restock money on traders. People must buy from it for the trader to get money, and selling takes money. This is all part of the economy system. Restocking money in a trader can throw the economy off balance.\par
\par
\b I think someone is abusing a bug and cheating, what can I do?\par
\b0 It is important that you contact an admin right away. It is very important for bugs/cheats to be stopped ASAP. Please look out for abusers and report them as soon as you can! It will help you and everyone else. Join in cheating and you'll find yourself in trouble.\par
\par
\b I cant cast spells or attack!! What's going on?!\par
\b0 You are most likely starving. Eat some food!\par
\par
\b My character keeps running in circles and it's really annoying, how do I stop this?\par
\b0 Use the numpad (number keys on the right of the keyboard) to walk around instead of right-clicking.\par
\par
\b When will my plants grow and when will my eggs hatch?\par
\b0 There are many factors involved that determine the times for these sorts of things. Just wait and see, it will grow and it will hatch in time.\par
\par
\b What is usage?\par
\b0 Usage is a list of item uses. It is helpful for finding out how to make something. If we want to find out how to make a garbage can for example, we click the MENU tab, the usage button, then type in GARBAGE CAN and click SEARCH. You will see how to make one and what you can use on one.\par
\par
\b Usage needs to be updated! There is so much stuff missing!\par
\b0 On purpose, not ALL uses are added to the usage list. For example, alchemy uses aren't there. This is to give a challenge to the skill.\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\b Who is PLOT and why does he/she own all the land?\par
\b0 PLOT is land owned by the server. PLOT land is used to protect quests/towns/paths etc. from vandalism. All land on haven/newbie island is owned by PLOT. Get off haven and search around to find unclaimed land that you can buy.\par
\par
\b When am I getting my perks?!?!?\par
\b0 If you followed the instructions in the HELP tab then just be patient. If you a seriously worried that they wont come, then contact Mickey. Perks don't come instantly and complaining won't help.\par
\par
\b What is mail and how do I use it?\par
\b0 Mail is a way to send messages to people that are offline as well as online. To mail someone use /mailsend player, message (e.g /mailsend summoner, thanks for being a friend)\par
\par
\b What do the @s mean at the front of an admin's name?\par
\b0 Different admins can do different things. The number of @'s is a kind of rank. @@@ admins have the most power, and @ admins have the least, although all admins are there to do their job and if you strongly feel an admin is abusing their power you can email \cf5\ul\fs20{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:mkudlo@hotmail.com" }}{\fldrslt{mkudlo@hotmail.com}}}\f0\fs20  \cf0\ulnone\fs24  with details.\par
\par
\b How do I tame?\par
\b0 To tame you must select the enemy you want to tame the type /tame \par
\par
\b People can take things off my land? Why?!\par
\b0 If you claim land, the items that are already there when you claim it can still be taken by anyone. Pick up and put down all items that are there when you claim the land so that you own them and they cannot be taken.\par
\par
\b How do people get those cool images?\par
\b0 You use a command. /image 1-100 (e.g /image 45) or (e.g /image 89). To change back to the default image use /image 0\par
\par
\b What is a siege? How much does it cost? What will the level range of the next siege be?\par
\b0 Sieges are wars with enemies attacking whilst players try to defend a castle. The standard cost is 500 gold. The level range for a siege is random and determined when the siege is created. Do not ask for the next sieges level range, there is no way of telling.\par
\par
\b Do I lose vitae or items if I fight in the PK arena?\par
\b0 Yes. The PK arena is a place for ANYONE to player kill, you still lose items and vitae just like player killing anywhere else.\par
\par
\par
\par
\b When do gravyn clones attack? Why do they keep coming after me? Can I prevent them from coming?\par
\b0 Grayvyn Clones start to attack after a certain level. They are random and may come after you at any time. You cannot prevent them from coming, however there are certain effective ways of killing them easily.\par
\par
\b Can I use two accounts or have two clients open at once? Please?\par
\b0 NO. Anyone with more than one account to a person WILL be banned. It's a serious form of cheating and will not be tolerated. You may only have ONE client open at a time (per server).\par
\par
\b Why am I getting so much lag?!\par
\b0 There are many causes of lag. The server may be experiencing difficulties or you may just have slow internet. Please do not whine about lag. It comes and goes, everyone gets it from time to time.\par
\par
\b What website has the rune combinations?\par
\b0 It is against the rules to spread links to sites that contain a list of rune combinations. It is NOT against the rules to ask for combinations on globals, or give them out on globals. Each rune has a meaning, if you work hard you can discover how to learn spells by yourself but DO NOT use websites. If you feel that people are spreading links you may report them to an admin.\par
\par
\b I gave gold to my trader and now its gone! Why?\par
\b0 Traders aren't designed to accept gold. They tend to eat gold when you "sell" it to them. Instead use a mule to hold your gold, however they can only hold up to 32000 as that is the item limit. After that you can use bank notes to store your gold.\par
\par
\b How do I check which guilds exist?\par
\b0 Use the /guildlist command.\par
\par
\b How do I join a guild?\par
\b0 To join a guild, the guild leader must invite you. You will get a message when you are invited and you must pay 1000 gold to join. To join the guild you have been invited to use /guildjoin guildname (e.g. /guildjoin The Warriors\par
\par
\b How much does a trader or mule cost?\par
\b0 A mule costs 1000 gold and can be purchased using /mulebuy but a trader costs 5000 gold and can be purchased using /traderbuy and for each trader after the first, it costs an additional 5000 gold.\par
\par
\b How much does it cost to own land and how much can I get?\par
\b0 It costs 1000 gold to buy land. You may own up to one 20x20 plot of land, however, if you have perks you can own up to 2. Guilds can own up to one plot of land.\par
\par
\par
\b I got attacked but nothing was there, how?!\par
\b0 Some monsters use the stealth skill. Press the C (scan) button or use Alt+C to scan and try to spot the enemy.\par
\b\fs20\par
}
 